Hi, I am a Junior Systems Engineer in a Retail / B2B Company, and one of my responsibilities is to study our company internal portal, to improve the design of user interface to it and to add functionalities to it. But as of now I am redesigning it and performed a Git merge but I guess it had a conflict to it, because I both modified my current branch's code and code from origin/main. 

(listen to my context first before giving responses)

And now In order for me to understand more the portal, I am analyzing the portal first, on how it works so I am analyzing its logic on how to use.

(listen to my context first before giving responses)

 --

PORTAL ANALYSIS

1. There is a login page, where the user can log in using their credentials

2. Once logged in, the user is redirected to dashboard page which is for the mean time, its blank yet

3. In the portal there's a sidebar and there are four (4) navigation settings  (Dashboard, Inventory, Sales Database, System Setup)

	3.1. Dashboard - here are the main content but as of 	now it is  empty

	3.2. Inventory - This will be the recording of 	products begin, there are four (4) components / features to it.
	
	> Search Bar - the user can search the products by their serial number or company name   

	> Filter - the user can filter the contents of the table by date

	> Add item button - the user can add new product details and once it pressed, it will directed to its form and it has a submit button

	> Table content - once the details is submitted in add item, the data of it will be fetched in table, displaying the product information. The table content is also clickable and it has the same data fetched it has also a sub components to it where the user can edit the details, the user can add also notes, and it has a status section where you can see the progress of the products, and all of them has a edit button that they can add and edit more details

and in table content there's a column named DELIVERY DATE and it has a value which is a function that the user can set delivery date.

	3.3. Sales Database - In sales database, the user can access the records of the managed accounts (leads) there are # components / features to it

	> Managed Accounts - This feature has a displaying the sales employee company leads details, and its components are Filter, where the user can choose it by their classification(Active, inactive, government, etc,.), add button that will redirect to add company details that the user can add company data for new leads and it has a submit button to it, and once it submitted the data will display including their classification, and actually the displayed data is clickable, if the user clicks it, will redirected to view the other details of the leads company and it has a edit button where the user can still edit the details 

	> Company Search/Organization - the users can search for more company leads (and I assume that it is data scraping but I am not sure to it)

	> Account Managers - the users can navigate and find their names to it and select it to find their accounts


	3.4. System Setup - under the system setup, there's also a sub menu to it and it is access management and its feature is to add more users or super admin that will access to more advance feature of the portal.


















